Welcome back.
I wanted to have a quick video to clarify a term here and that is context versus scope scope is a function
based thing right.
Scope means what is the variable access of a function when it is invoked.
What is in the variable environment right context.
On the other hand is more about object based context says what's the value of this keyword.
Which is a reference to the object that owns that current executing code so Context and scope is something
that people get confused between and especially when we start talking about context execution as well.
It gets a little bit confusing but just keep this in mind context is most often determined by how a
function is invoked with the value of this keyword and scope refers to the visibility of variables.
All right I'll see in the next one.
Bye.